provisioning (applehv): expand image and CoW tip (#804)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/provisioning-applehv.adoc

----
ssh core@192.168.64.5
----

> === Disk image expansion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Increasing disk size
```

> To have more free disk space available inside the image, you could expand the image after downloading it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have more free disk space available inside the image, you can increase the size of the image after downloading it.
```

To expand the image with 10 gigabytes, run

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Increase the size of the disk image by 10 GB
[source, bash]
```

```
truncate -c -s +10G image.raw
```

TIP: If you want to keep a copy of the downloaded image file, use `cp` with the `-c` flag.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If you want to keep a copy of the downloaded image file, use `cp` with the `-c` flag.

[source, bash]
```

```
cp -c image.raw image.raw.original
```

This copies the file using clonefile(2), thus creating a Copy-on-Write (CoW) clone of the file.

> Less disk space will be used for storing the file `image.raw.original`.

Reviewer: Let's move this entire TIP before the commands above as you would have to do them first.

----
ssh core@192.168.64.5
----

> 

Reviewer: I think we should move that before the "Setting up a VM" section as that's where most users would need to do it. Can happen in a followup PR.
